# Assignment 2 Blog + Action Plan
Weekly Reflection Blog for Assignment 2

## Week 1 Reflection

  I started attending NONE4763 on April 19th First week of class and I already had trouble finding the class, who designs the rooms from 1 to 10 then jumps to 41. I asked around but no one could be of use. I finally got to class about 30 minutes late but the professor Crellin didn’t mind. The first week consisted of welcoming and introduction, which was boring for the most part. The professor was quite different though, he asked the class about their future major, discusses with the students about their majors and sometimes gives advice and tips on what one should do in regards to their field of study. This was actually my first time seeing someone actively engaging with their students without them coming to the professors first, and I could get that, try doing that in an auditorium with over 100 people and see how long that’ll take. Regardless, professor Crellin asked me about what my major is and why I chose it. Due to my relative’s connections, I could ask to work under them in the private sector under an aerospace and defense contractor. Being a corporation that offers arms services, most people wouldn’t like the notion of working for such places, and it reflects in their conversation with me. Professor Crellin, though, said it was an interesting path and briefly sat down to talk more about the topic, mostly revolving around viewpoints and morals. Thanks to our brief conversation, I was able to sit back and contemplate my career choices. Some of the information that we talked about regarding the ethics of such works really opened my eyes on how I should consider other factors such as being involved in a lot of paperwork, government red tape, etc. On the other hand, this industry is really slow, it doesn’t require as much critical thinking as, say, in artificial intelligence, I started programming because of the paycheck, but again, the talk with Professor Crellin did help with my growth in thinking a bit more in-depth about the path that I chose. I do hope the lessons in the following weeks would help me in the same capacity.


## Week 2 Reflection

  Since the first reflection entry, nothing much has changed. I took two mandatory sessions that involved guides on how one could effectively communicate and demonstrate their points through graphs and presentations. The two sessions consisted mostly of a guest lecturer presenting the presentations, sadly, the topic didn't pique my interest. The guest lecturer and myself didn't see eye to eye and well, you can't make everyone happy, it is what it is. Besides that somewhat eventful day, the only interesting topic that I had was with my old room mate who called himself a "crypto expert". He was really into NFTs recently, we had an argument over how NFTs right now are actually just a money sink and well, I was vindicated when the recent news that NFT market sales had dropped by over 90%. One of the major news that I saw on NTFS was written by coindesk, talking about how Twitter Co-Founder Jack Doresy's $2.9 million investment in his NFT only ended up with under $300 for the highest bid. Talking about NFTs really showed me that even though I know what NFT is, I'm still a novice in regards to the block chain technology behind it. As of now, I'm currently looking into the technology that is blockchain which is linked to other crypto currencies like bitcoin, etherium, etc. I'm planning on doing some extra reading in regards to blockchain and perhaps take some crash courses. I do hope that this would lead me into more interesting technologies that I currently don't know about.

